Remove TP note from section Integrating Satellite with Red Hat Single… (#248)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Administering_Red_Hat_Satellite/topics/proc_integrating-satellite-with-red-hat-single-sign-on-for-external-authentication.adoc

+
* From the *Mapper Type* list, select *Group Membership*.
+
* In *Token Claim Name*, enter *groups*.
+
* Set the *Full group path* toggle to *OFF*.
+
For more information about group mappers, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.3/html/server_administration_guide/user-storage-federation#ldap_mappers[Group Mapper] in the _LDAP Mappers_ section of the _{Keycloak} Server Administration Guide_.

.. Click *Save*.

> .. Navigate to *Users* and click *Add user*. 

Reviewer: I think, it would be better if we created the group before the user, so that user can add itself into a group directly. Else, here the admin is creating a user, then creating a group and then again going to the user to add it into a group. Does it make sense? Let me know your thoughts.

Author: Makes sense. Swapped the steps to create group and user. Does it look right?

+
* From the *Mapper Type* list, select *Group Membership*.
+
* In *Token Claim Name*, enter *groups*.
+
* Set the *Full group path* toggle to *OFF*.
+
For more information about group mappers, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.3/html/server_administration_guide/user-storage-federation#ldap_mappers[Group Mapper] in the _LDAP Mappers_ section of the _{Keycloak} Server Administration Guide_.

.. Click *Save*.
.. Navigate to *Groups*, and click *New*.
+
* Enter a *Name* for the group.
* Click *Save*.
.. Navigate to *Users* and click *Add user*. 
+
* Enter the *Username*, *Email*, and other user details. Set the *User Enabled* toggle to *ON*.
+
* Click *Save*. The user is now created.
+

> * Click the *Credentials* tab and reset the user password if required. 

Reviewer: nit: Resetting the password is not a optional step, passwords needs to be set and the `Temporary` must be set to off.

Author: Fixed, thanks.

+
* Click the *Groups* tab. Select the group you want to join from the *Available Groups* list, and click *Join*. The user is now part of the selected group.
. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Administer* > *User Groups*.
. Click *Create User Group*, and enter a *Name* for the user group.
. Click the *Roles* tab, and assign appropriate roles to the user group.
. Click the *External Groups* tab, then click *Add external user group*.

> . Enter the name of the external user group you created in the {Keycloak} web UI.

Reviewer: I see a lot of reference using `you`. Is that fine? I am not sure, you will have a better take on this one.

Author: Reworded.

. Click *Submit*.
. Navigate to *Administer* > *Settings*, and click the *Authentication* tab.
. Locate the *Authorize login delegation* row, and in the *Value* column, set the value to `Yes`.
. Locate the *Authorize login delegation auth source user autocreate* row, and in the *Value* column, set the value to `External`.
. Locate the *Login delegation logout URL* row, and in the *Value* column, set the value to `https://{foreman-example-com}/users/extlogout`.
+
For the following steps, you can retrieve the values that you require by navigating to the following URL:  `_{Keycloak-short}.example.com_/auth/realms/_{Keycloak-short}_REALM_/.well-known/openid-configuration`.
+
. Locate the *OIDC Algorithm* row, and in the *Value* column, set the algorithm for encoding on {Keycloak}, for example, `RS256`.

> . Locate the *OIDC Audience* row, and in the *Value*  column, set the value to the client ID for {Keycloak}: `['_{foreman-example-com}_-foreman-openidc}_']`.

Reviewer 2: This expands to `['satellite.example.com-foreman-openidc}_']`, seems like a curly bracket is missing.

Author: Fixed. The second curly bracket was in fact not required, so removed it.

. Locate the *OIDC Issuer* row, and in the *Value*  column, set the value to `_{Keycloak-short}.example.com_/auth/realms/_{Keycloak-short}_Realm_`.
. Locate the *OIDC JWKs URL* row, and in the *Value*  column, set the value to `_{Keycloak-short}.example.com_/auth/realms/_{Keycloak-short}_Realm_/protocol/openid-connect/certs`.
+

> . To set the organization and location for the authentication source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To set the organization and location for the authentication source, complete the following steps:
```
Use full sentence

Author: Fixed

+
. Open the `_{Keycloak-short}.example.com_/auth/realms/_{Keycloak-short}_REALM_/.well-known/openid-configuration` URL and note the values to populate the options in the following steps.
+

> . Add the value for the Hammer client in the Open IDC audience. Note that if you have already registered another client with keycloak, make sure also to append that audience in the array. For example:

Reviewer: I would keep the earlier version  and add this as a separate note below.

Author: Ack, done.

+
. Open the `_{Keycloak-short}.example.com_/auth/realms/_{Keycloak-short}_REALM_/.well-known/openid-configuration` URL and note the values to populate the options in the following steps.
+

> . Add the value for the Hammer client in the Open IDC audience. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add the value for the Hammer client in the Open IDC audience:
```

Author: Done

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# hammer settings set --name oidc_audience \
--value "['_{foreman-example-com}_-hammer-openidc']"
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you have already registered another client with keycloak, make sure also to append that audience in the array. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you register several {Keycloak} clients to {Project}, ensure to append all audiences in the array. For example:
```
1. Use the attribute {Keycloak}.
2. Use one-word `ensure` instead of the phrasal verb `make sure`.
3. Remove also.
4. Use a present tense.

Author: "make sure to" is a set phrase. "ensure to" is incorrect. I've reworded slightly and applied the change.

+
. Open the `_{Keycloak-short}.example.com_/auth/realms/_{Keycloak-short}_REALM_/.well-known/openid-configuration` URL and note the values to populate the options in the following steps.
+
. Add the value for the Hammer client in the Open IDC audience. 
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# hammer settings set --name oidc_audience \

> --value "['_{foreman-example-com}_']"

Reviewer: This should be:
```
hammer settings set --name oidc_audience \
--value "['_{foreman-example-com}_-hammer-openidc']"
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

--value "_{Keycloak-short}.example.com_/auth/realms/_{Keycloak-short}_Realm_/protocol/openid-connect/certs"
----
+

> . To set the organization and location of the authentication source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To set the organization and location of the authentication source, complete the following steps:
```
Use the full sentence for clarity.

Author: Fixed

> .. First, retrieve the ID of the {Keycloak} authentication source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Retrieve the ID of the {Keycloak} authentication source:
```
Remove fluff

Author: Done

+
----
# hammer auth-source external list
----
+

> .. Set the location and organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Set the location and organization:
```
Throughout Satellite documentation, we use colons at the end of steps that are followed by a command.

Author: Ack, noted.
